[Music]
hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so there been a lot of
Samsung S 9 and s 9 plus rumors that
have been floating around the web but a
couple of days ago a really big tell was
leaked it was a geek bench score not
just like a photo of one but there was a
recorded geek bench score that was
uploaded to the geek bench database and
that is HUGE because you can't fake
those things or it's incredibly
difficult to fake those things and so
with that geek bench score you could
confirm a lot of things that have been
rumored about this phone so let's just
get right into it the first thing is the
build it's gonna look very similar to
the s8 and the SI plus like to the
untrained eye it's gonna be very
difficult to tell them apart same kind
of design same kind of aesthetic same
kind of form factor power button volume
rocker bixby button it's all there the
big tell though is on the back and
that's the second thing the fingerprint
sensor has been moved into a better
location so a lot of people didn't like
the fact that the s8 the SI plus and the
note 8 all had the fingerprint sensor
kind of slightly on to the right not the
most ideal position because I think your
finger would sometimes confuse the
camera lens as being the sensor and just
it was difficult to nail it each time
it's now placed right in the middle
directly underneath the camera and they
should make it easier for most people to
hit that fingerprint sensor basically
every time they reach for the phone
another thing that's been kind of
confirmed is the processors this thing
is now running a snapdragon 845 which is
the new one from Qualcomm and it's a
pretty substantial increase in
performance over the Snapdragon 835
we're looking at a 25% increase in
performance maybe a little bit more but
keep in mind that the s8 and the SI plus
are still really fast so I mean I
wouldn't go running out to buy the new
phone just because the small CPU upgrade
so with that Snapdragon 845 though also
comes a nice camera upgrade so the video
processing capabilities are improved it
should be able to record 4k at 60 frames
per second but the crazier thing is the
slow motion so the Snapdragon 845 is
supposed to do 720p at 480 frames per
second that is super slow-motion so I
want to test that thing out when it
comes with that camera stuff though
is the whole thing about the two
different cameras of the s9 and the s9
plus are going to have different camera
configurations right now the si si
both have the same camera both
single-lens s9 is gonna have a single
lens s9 plus is gonna have two lines of
stacked in a vertical configuration just
one on top of each other so if you're
into a whole like depth stuff and just
having a secondary camera s9 plus is
gonna be your choice now looking back to
that Geekbench score that estline plus
is actually rocking six gigs of ram it's
only got five and change available but
six gigs of ram in the bigger model four
gigs of ram on the smaller s9 the most
exciting change for me though and this
is gonna sound really stupid for some
people is that the s9 and the s9 class
will finally have stereo speakers I feel
like this is something that's been
missing from the galaxy line forever
like it just never made sense to me
that's something with this kind of build
quality and this kind of premium
awesomeness didn't have stereo speakers
it finally will have it alright number
seven on the list the iris and facial
recognition on the S line should be
significantly better than the s8 so I
feel like facial recognition stuff is
just kind of popping up in mass right
now especially with the iPhone 10 doing
their stuff this phone like the s8
didn't have a great facial recognition
system stepsons been putting this tech
down their phones for a while but it's
never been amazing s line should be
quite a bit better high resolution
camera that's like a big thing for
facial recognition stuff okay headphone
jack number eight
that is awesome they've still putting in
a headphone jack and I think for a lot
of people that's super important and I
think Samsung is one of the last if not
the last company that's making those
premium flagship phones that are like
800 900 bucks that still includes a
headphone jack and I think a lot of
people will appreciate it in fact I
think a lot of people will actually just
buy this phone just because of that one
feature which is a good thing for
Samsung okay last thing it's gonna be
running android 8.0 right out of the box
and they're obviously gonna stick the
Samsung skin on it now if you know me
and you follow my channel you know that
don't love skins on phones and themes on
phones I just like the whole stock
Android experience but I will give
Samsung this they probably had the best
skin of all the heavy skins from 2017
and every year their phones get slightly
less obtrusive like the software is just
a little bit better of year a little bit
less obnoxious so hopefully the S line
has some kickass software so that
basically wraps it up s9 is gonna be
kind of like a minor upgrade across the
board nothing huge nothing major but it
should be a really awesome phone because
the SI
was really really good like nearly
perfect for a lot of people and now it's
just gonna be even better okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]